The "SegmentSliderChart.vue" component is the parent component for the slider component and the segment chart component ("Slider.vue" and "Chart.vue", respectively). Here is where the json object "sampledata.json" is imported. The first thing the component will do inside computed() is iterate through the categories found in the sample data and from them calculate widths, label lengths and other relevant info about how to represent each category. It creates a new array of json objects for each category with this info added in and then passes this array to its children.

The "Chart.vue" component will receive this array as a prop and for each entry it will create a segment. Each individual segment contains its own label & stem at set distances from its segment using the information passed to it about its labels length and category size. Resize event handlers trigger functions to detect if labels are overlapping and will flip labels to the other side of the chart as needed. Aside from this each label also moves up or down to avoid other labels based on a 'force' parameter calculated from its category's index position and label length. This currently is the only recourse each label has to avoid overlap which is a bit crude. More functionality will be added to help reposition labels if moving to the other side of the chart is not possible.

The "Slider.vue" component simply reflects the selected segment in the "Chart.vue" component with additional information about each. Furthermore it is able to increment the selected segment left or right.
